---
layout: post
title: "Austin Walters"
date: 2024-10-15 14:28:54 -0600
categories: Resume
permalink: "/austin-walters-developer/"
---

**Austin Walters**  
Salt Lake City, UT · [WaltersAustinC@gmail.com](mailto:waltersaustinc@gmail.com) · [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/austin-walters-a020a6ba) · 443.791.8144

**Work Experience**

---

**Affinaquest** Remote

Software Engineer I Jan 2022 \- June 2024

- Developed and maintained Apache Airflow Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) to optimize data processing times, resulting in reduced server loads.

- Implemented alerts for DAG failures at the task level using Airflow’s built-in OpsGenie hook, amending failure alerts to auto-close upon successful retry.

- Contributed to the development of internal endpoints using C\# and .NET Core to facilitate the migration of SAML users to Azure Active Directory (AAD) users.

- Enhanced code quality by writing Python and C\# unit tests for legacy repositories, increasing code coverage from under 20% to over 80%.

- Addressed security vulnerabilities in both current and legacy codebases as identified by SonarQube, resolving all critical alerts and most major and minor alerts.

- Regularly participated in code reviews and agile ceremonies to foster team collaboration, improve code quality, and maintain alignment with project goals.

**SSB Info** Reston, VA  
 IT Developer Sep 2019 \- Dec 2022

- Developed internal Python CLI tool for processing and manipulating CSV and XML files, streamlining data management tasks and enhancing efficiency.

- Enhanced existing Django API endpoints by creating interactive Swagger documentation and implementing detailed logging for improved debugging.

- Provided guidance to clients’ developers on utilizing API endpoints for integrating and managing data from CRMs such as Blackbaud, Salesforce, and Ellucian.

- Authored comprehensive documentation on product support and implementation requirements, facilitating better understanding and usage.

- Advised the sales team on potential implementation challenges and addressed client questions to ensure smooth project execution.

**HEPdata** Leesburg, VA  
 Software Developer Dec 2016 \- Sep 2019

- Developed and optimized SQL queries to meet client requirements, enhancing the completeness and accuracy of the returned data.

- Collaborated with a third-party firm to design and implement a new Django RESTful API, replacing an outdated Grails application and improving system functionality.

- Updated CSS and Bootstrap on custom web pages to support new product sales and accommodate client-specific requests, enhancing user experience and visual appeal.

- Implemented DKIM domain authentication using Twilio SendGrid to provide secure and authenticated automated email communications for clients.

- Managed DNS record renewal, maintaining domain functionality and uptime.

- Configured and monitored automated weekly reports for production cloud servers and load balancers using Rackspace tools, ensuring operational reliability.

**Technical Skills**

---

    **Proficient:** Python, SQL & Snowflake, Airflow, Django, HTML, CSS, JSON/XML, C\#, Java, Azure Suite
    **Familiar:** .NET, MariaDB, JavaScript, React, Ruby, Grails, IT systems and infrastructure

**Education**

---

    **Mount St. Mary’s University**								Emmitsburg, MD

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Minor in Cyber Security Sep 2013 \- May 2017

**Accolades**

---

- Student Advisory Board, Resident Assistant, Dean's List MSMU

- Eagle Scout Troop 706
